>> Woodruff: IN GAZA, A FRAGILE
CALM MARKING THE END OF RAMADAN
WAS QUICKLY BROKEN BY DEADLY
ATTACKS, AS ISRAEL'S PRIME
MINSTER WARNED TO BE PREPARED
FOR A PROLONGED CONFLICT.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
ALSO AHEAD, AN ECONOMIC DEBATE:
WHAT'S THE BEST ENGINE FOR
GROWTH?
MORE MONEY FOR THE RICH OR
HIGHER WAGES FOR THE WORKING
CLASS?
>> THE
MIDDLE CLASS IS THE
SOURCE OF PROSPERITY AND
CAPITAL ECONOMIES CANNOT
POURING MONEY INTO RICH
PEOPLE.
>> THE CONCENTRATION OF
WEALTH AT THE TOP IS NOT
FROM CRONY CAPITALISM BUT
INNOVATION, IT CREATES-- FOR
THE REST OF THE SYSTEM.
>> Woodruff: PLUS, AS EBOLA
SPREADS THROUGH WEST AFRICA, SO
DOES FEAR, THE DEATH TOLL
CLIMBS, WITH LEADING RESEARCHERS
KILLED AND TWO AMERICANS NOW
INFECTED.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.